Update of ProjectStructureAndRoles to allow Sub Projects (API families) with multiple API repositories (#146)
camaraproject/Governance: ProjectStructureAndRoles.md

A Sub Project should have at least one Maintainer. Ideally a Sub Project is managed by two or more Maintainers, depending on the size and scope of the Sub Project. The Maintainers of a Sub Project are defined by the union of the Maintainers listed within the MAINTAINERS.md files of the API Repositories which are belonging to the Sub Project. It is recommended that there is an overlap between the Maintainers of the API repositories of the Sub Project, but it is not mandated that all Maintainers of the Sub Project take responsibility for all APIs in the Sub Project.
  
A Provider Implementation repository only must have a CODEOWNERS file, a license file, a GOVERNANCE.MD file (pointing to the Governance repository) and a subdirectory /code/API_code with API code of the transformation function Northbound --> Southbound. Only Codeowners should have write permissions to a Provider Implementation (PI) repository. Provider Implementation repositories have the same name as the API repository but with suffix _-PI§x§_.

> Some Sub Projects may have distinct (although sometimes overlapping) sets of Contributors, Codeowners, and Maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some Sub Project repositories may have distinct (although sometimes overlapping) sets of Contributors, Codeowners, and Maintainers.
```

Author: The sentence was actually unchanged and addressed the relation between Sub Projects. For the relation between the repository *within* a Sub Project the overlap is even recommended within the content in the paragraphs above.

As this sentence here does not add any additional guidance I propose to delete it from the document.

Reviewer: OK. Fine to delete it. I thought it was trying to say that the different repositories that form a Sub Project do not need to have common contributors and maintainers, though indeed that should be encouraged.

Author: Deletion of the sentence done.

**Repositories**

As mentioned before the contributions to the Sub Projects were documented in the respective GitHub repositories of the Sub Projects, and the contributions to Working Groups were documented in the GitHub repositories of the Working Groups. All contributions beyond that, esp. contributions to the Project itself or the TSC are documented in the GitHub repository “Governance”. Additional repositories can be created for project administration purposes. 

For ease of use there are templates for the two types of Sub Project repositories (API Repositories and Provider Implementation), containing all necessary files which can be cloned and adapted. When cloning it has to be ensured that also the branch protection rules are active in the new repositories. For Working Group repositories the API Repository template should be used and adapted.

A repository must have at least one Codeowner. Repositories with branch protection rules must have at least two Codeowners. 

> As document standard for documents in the main branch of Sub Project and Working Group repositories only Markdown format shall be used. Only exceptions are supporting documents, for these other formats like PDF or PPT are allowed. Note: Documents which are meant as base for discussion or to explain change requests are best attached to an issue. Informal supporting documents are best located within the Sub Project or Working Group wiki.

Reviewer: Suggested changes to improve readability
```suggestion
Only Markdown format shall be used as the document standard for documents in the main branch of Sub Project and Working Group repositories. The only exceptions are supporting documents, for which other formats like PDF or PPT are allowed. Note: Documents which are meant as base for discussion or to explain change requests are best attached to an issue. Informal supporting documents are best located within the Sub Project or Working Group wiki.
```
